##### 1.	Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far? 

I am interested in programming because I can’t see myself doing anything else! Technology infiltrates a majority of people’s lives now and the potential to make an impact is substantial. At work, my Supervisor has dubbed me as the "IT Department" because I am capable of navigating my way through a computer. I like the nickname though because I like being able to help out.  

Most of my exposure to programming has been online, but the first time that I ever laid eyes upon any type of coding language was in high school. I took an HTML class out of pure curiosity; unexpectedly, I found myself really liking the class. Even to this day, when I recall moments that brought me joy I think about that class because I found fulfillment from being able to create content and I seemed to grasp the concepts quickly. I have completed CSS and HTML courses on Codeacademy and Treehouse. Also, I’ve done an introduction class to Python on Coursera. I plan on continuing to explore online resources to practice and acquire more skills.

##### 2.	What are your professional goals for the next 2 years, for the next 5 years?

Within the next 2 years I hope to graduate from the Ada Developers Academy; but for sure, I want to be able to secure a position as a Junior Developer and find my niche. Within the next 5 years, I hope to take my newfound abilities and use them to be of assistance to my community. A role that appeals to me is being a trainer for new junior developers or being a type of advocate to champion women in STEM programs. The vision is not completely clear for me right now, but I do know that I hope it is a perfect marriage of my skills and desire to be of service.
    
##### 3.	Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?
	
One of the biggest challenges that I have encountered so far was overcoming consumer debt. I was young and naïve, but I learned a lot about myself from that particular journey. At the time, I was in denial about the situation and I tried to ignore the issue. Unfortunately, as well, I continued to put myself into more debt and rationalized every expenditure. I came to a point that I wanted to get financially healthy and in order to do that I had to start being honest with myself. And that’s exactly what I did. I made payment arrangements and paid off my debt in 2 years. The biggest lessons that I learned were: the worst case scenarios are not as scary as they seem, there is no challenge that I cannot overcome as long as I try, and most importantly, there's no shame in making mistakes; it's more important that you learn a lesson and move forward.

##### 4.	Have you taught yourself anything before? Describe what you learned and how you approached it.

I have definitely taught myself several skills. Most of my learning has been achieved by watching videos on YouTube and researching the topic online. An example of this would be how I taught myself how to do hair and makeup. Although I do have an older half-sister and a mother, due to circumstances, I did not grow up with those female influences in my life. I grew up with my father and brother so I was in my early 20’s before I even started experimenting with makeup. I had heard about these makeup gurus on YouTube and how they provide tutorials. Out of curiosity, I started watching these videos and after a YouTube binge I felt confident enough to pick up the tools and start trying the steps out for myself. My first attempts definitely did not achieve the desired outcome, but I kept practicing and continued to watch various individuals. In the end, I discovered the best techniques for myself. I have even received compliments on my hair and makeup on different occasions which is very rewarding for me because I did work really hard to learn those skills.

